get the user data

process the data

to create a tag for details and name a verssion for each update we make "git tag -a v1.0 -m "first tag created""
we created a tag. so from the next tage we create "git tag v1.1 -m "second tag created""

To check the tags created "git tag"

To check the creator of a particular tag "git show 'tag'"

WE have to push these tags to the path where the remote repo is separately "git push origin v1.0"

to check where our remote repository is command "git remote -v"

CLONING A PROJECT:
Goto GITHUB and find a source code of some software.
since we cannot push any code we use HTTPS.
Copy the url and go to the system terminal and copy the source code in our machine "git clone url"
NOW open the vs code folder in vs code.
so now we want to know some things about it.
lets check it log history "git --no-pager log"
now lets check tags "git tags", we can see many versions of vs code.
we can also check when our version was created "git show 'tag'"
to view the commits and its message in one line "git log --pretty=oneline"

CHANGING/UPDATING SOMTHING ON THE CLONED SOURCE CODE:
we take some file from the souce code and change but it's in the working directory only.
we ensure the partciular file is on our path and then add the file to the staging area "git add 'path'" and then we commit.
But its still in our loacl machine because we didnt push it yet to the origin or remote repository.
so when we push the change to the github it wont allow because only those allowed are the contributors.

BRANCHING:
we create a seperate branch to experiment. so instead if we want to update/change a feature in the main branch itself and if it contains 
bugs it will be a problem thats why we create a branch and experiment with this and is we succeed we then 

HOW TO CREATE A NEW BRANCH:
"git checkout -b feature1" - it will create a new branch. And also we're automatically pointed on the new branch.

to see if how many branches are there:
"git branch"

we can also see that the change we are making in the new branch has no effect to the main branch.
"git switch 'branch name'" or "git checkout 'branch name'"

Now lets create another branch.
remember when we create a branch using "checkout" command we use "git checkout -b 'branch name'"
and when using "switch" command we use "git switch -c 'branch name'"